docs(DEPRECATION.md): add Node.js v8 deprecation notice (#1567)
cube-js/cube.js: DEPRECATION.md

[link-hearbeatinterval]:
  https://cube.dev/docs/@cubejs-client-ws-transport#web-socket-transport-hear-beat-interval

### Node.js 8

**Deprecated in Release: v0.22.4**

> Node.js 8’s End of Life was December 31, 2019. This means no more updates. Please upgrade to Node.js 10 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node.js 8 reached [End of Life on December 31, 2019][link-nodejs-eol]. This
means no more updates. Please upgrade to Node.js 10 or higher.

[link-nodejs-eol]: https://github.com/nodejs/Release#end-of-life-releases
```
